Define your app idea: Clearly define the purpose and goals
 of your app. Think about what problem it will solve or
  what value it will provide to users. 

The porpuse of this app will be automate creating of anki notes

When it comes to learning technical subjects like mathematics and programming, theory alone is not enough. 
Constant practice using the concepts learned is necessary to fully understand the studied topic, 
for example, programming by constantly solving real-life problems.

Moreover, consistency is needed to ensure that you have learned it. 
Anki solves this problem by using the spaced repetition algorithm. Customizable notes also allow Anki to create any kind of exercise, 
making it possible to have practical exercises.

However, there's a problem: the human brain learns by identifying patterns, and for patterns to be identified, 
it's necessary to see that pattern in different contexts and situations. For every new concept you are studying, 
it is needed to create x practical exercises for x Anki notes.

Therefore, the Anki notes generator was created to solve this problem by giving an example of exercise to AI and asking 
it to generate more exercises similar to the example. This will allow users to have a larger variety of exercises to practice and learn from, 
helping them better identify patterns and improve their understanding of the material.


MVP
Obs.: the mvp will only deal with the basic back and front anki note.
Input: text only
Output: text only

(the number of * represents how important each functionality is)
framework: Django
  create the GUI**
  get the example from the user **
  return the generated exercises from user **
  return the generated apkg *
  
Access to the chatgpt api
  recieve the example.**
  tell gpt how to generate more exercises based on the given example.***

Acess to the anki package
  get the generated exercises***
  create anki notes***
  create an apkg file**


Project Plan

Task 1:  Implement core features/mvp
  tell gpt how to generate more exercises
  get the generated exercises
  basic GUI on django to input example
  basic GUI to output result

  Deadline: Week 1-2

Task 2:  Front end
  descent GUI 
  create anki notes, create apkg file

  Deadline: Week 3

Task 3:
  prepare outputs  and adapt gui for new outputs

  Deadline: Week 4